Ocean_Sky

high

# Use of Deprecated Chainlink Function: latestAnswer()

## Summary
Use of Deprecated Chainlink Function: latestAnswer()

## Vulnerability Detail
According to Chainlink’s documentation (API Reference), https://docs.chain.link/data-feeds/api-reference#latestanswer the latestAnswer function is deprecated. This function does not throw an error if no answer has been reached, but instead returns 0, possibly causing an incorrect price to be fed to the different price feeds.

## Impact
Several functions will be affected by wrong computation of collateralValue and borrowValue which is derived from chainlink price feed. These values are part of struct result of function _createActionInfo in which it is being used extensively within the contract AaveLeverageStrategyExtension.

Here are the directly affected functions but the effect could also branch out with other related functions.
1. Engage 
2. getCurrentLeverageRatio()
3. getChunkRebalanceNotional
4. _getAndValidateLeveragedInfo

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-Index/blob/main/index-coop-smart-contracts/contracts/adapters/AaveLeverageStrategyExtension.sol#L895

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-Index/blob/main/index-coop-smart-contracts/contracts/adapters/AaveLeverageStrategyExtension.sol#L897

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is recommended to use Chainlink’s latestRoundData() function to get the price instead. It is also recommended to add checks on the return data with proper revert messages if the price is stale or the round is incomplete. Check also for L2 sequencer status whether it is active or not if the protocol will be deployed to Arbitrum and Optimism.
