shogoki

medium

# Leverage Module will not work for some ERC20 Tokens (no allowance to 0 first)

## Summary 

The Aave Leverage Module uses an Exchange Adapter to swap borrowed Tokens for a Collateral Token to build up Leverage, or vice versa to reduce leverage. Therefore the Token to swap has to be approved to the Exchange Contract. However this will fail (revert) for some Tokens, as there is not approve to 0 first, whcich is required by some ERC20 Tokens (e.g. USDT)

## Vulnerability Detail

In `AaveLeverageModulev3` the function `_executeTrade` is used to swap Tokens with an exchange Adapter to either lever or delever the position. Inside this function there is a call to `invokeApprove` of the `Invoke.sol` Library, whcih is used on the SetToken interface.
The same `invokeApprove` method is used in `repayBorrow`, which is used to repay debt on Aaave.
Inside `invokeApprove` the Calldata for a regular `approve` for ERC20 Tokens is encoded and passed to the SetTokens generic `invoke` function.
However there is no check for the current allowance or an attempt to reset the allowance to 0 first, which is a required by some ERC20 Tokens, like USDT. If there is an outstanding allowance for such a Token, they will revert on the approve call, when not first approved to 0. 
This would result in the call to `_executeTrade` or `repayBorrow` to revert, and the Module failing to lever/delever respectively.  
Or even being unable to repay a debt, because `repayBorrow` reverts, whcih could finally lead to a liquidation.

## Impact

- Contract functionality is broken, as no lever/delever is possible and calls always revert.
- Contract might cannot repay debt, which can lead to liquidation.

 
## Code Snippet


Usage of invokeApprove inside AaaveLeverageModulev3:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-Index/blob/main/index-protocol/contracts/protocol/modules/v1/AaveV3LeverageModule.sol#L763

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-Index/blob/main/index-protocol/contracts/protocol/modules/v1/AaveV3LeverageModule.sol#L806-L810

invokeApprove function:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-Index/blob/main/index-protocol/contracts/protocol/lib/Invoke.sol#L46-L56

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

- Check for existing allowance and Approve to 0 first, if required

Can be achieved by using increaseAllowance, too. 
