hildingr

medium

# Ripcord can be pulled when the sequencer is down

## Summary

AAVE3 has built-in safety features through their sentinel to protect users from being liquidated when a sequencer is down since the chainlink oracle pricing is unreliable. 

L1->L2 transactions can still trigger state changes on L2 when the sequencer is down. This means that re-balancing can be done based on stale prices.

## Vulnerability Detail

When the sequencer is down the chainlink oracle can return stale prices. L2 state changes can still be initiated from L1. This means that AaveLeverageStrategyExtension can still re-balance positions based on stale oracle prices.

`rebalance()`, `iterateRebalance()` would only be at risk the extension if `anyoneCallable == True` . In such a case anybody could trigger erroneous balancing based on stale oracle prices. Any levering up will be blocked by AAVE3 but re-balancing to delever will be possible when the sequencer is down.

The most severe issue is the ability to call `ripcord()` based on stale prices since this can initiate aggressive re-balancing with large slippage that destroy NAV.

## Impact

The most severe consequence is that `ripcord()` could be called when the sequencer is down and initiate aggressive re-balancing when the `ripcord()` would not be called if the oracle was reporting the correct information. `ripcord()` is a safety feature that can lead to NAV destruction since it has loose slippage requirement to allow for aggressive delivering.

The `ripcord()` should also take into account the grace period that AAVE3  has implemented where liquidations don't happen as long as the position is not heavily undercollateralized (0.95 < HF<1). The oracle price is still deemed unstable during this period which should be taken into account.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-Index/blob/3190057afd3085143a31746d65045a0d1bacc78c/index-coop-smart-contracts/contracts/adapters/AaveLeverageStrategyExtension.sol#L376-L400
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Check if the sequencer is down such that re-balancing is not done based on stale pricing. The grace period should also be taken into account here since price data is still deemed unreliable during that period. 