sashik_eth

high

# onlyEOA modifier could be bypassed on L2

## Summary

The `onlyEOA` modifier could be bypassed on L2.

## Vulnerability Detail

`BaseExtension.sol` include the `onlyEOA` modifier which checks that the current `msg.sedner` is equal to `tx.origin`:
```solidity
File: BaseExtension.sol
56:     /**
57:      * Throws if caller is a contract, can be used to stop flash loan and sandwich attacks
58:      */
59:     modifier onlyEOA() {
60:         require(msg.sender == tx.origin, "Caller must be EOA Address");
61:         _;
62:     }
```

As we could from the comments - this modifier should prevent external contracts from interacting with a function that has this modifier (`rebalance` for example).

However, since the protocol is expected to be deployed to different L2s, including Optimism, this restriction could be bypassed. 
Due to Optimism docs `tx.origin` could be not only the EOA address but any address that initialized L1 -> L2 messaging:
https://community.optimism.io/docs/developers/build/differences/#opcode-differences

So it's a possible situation when a smart contract on L1 sends a message to L2 and calls the protocol contract effectively bypassing the `onlyEOA` modifier. Worth mentioning that due to the logic of `CREATE` opcode it's possible to create two smart contracts with the same address on different chains, in the way that contract on L1 would send messages and the contract on L2 would work with callbacks from ERC777, etc. 

## Impact

`onlyEOA` modifier could be bypassed. Since it was built with the intention to prevent flashloan and sandwich attacks, this type of attack would become possible. 

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-Index/blob/main/index-coop-smart-contracts/contracts/lib/BaseExtension.sol#L60

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider reviewing flow that prevents external contracts from interacting with extensions.