bitsurfer

medium

# `onlyEOA` modifier that ensures call is from EOA might not hold true in the future

## Summary

`onlyEOA` modifier that ensures call is from EOA might not hold true in the future

## Vulnerability Detail

The usage of `tx.origin` to ensure that `msg.sender` is an externally owned account (EOA) and not a smart contract may no longer hold true if EIP 3074 is implemented.

Relying solely on the `onlyEOA` modifier to verify the origin of a call may no longer be sufficient for ensuring the desired level of security and access control. It is crucial to stay informed about the developments and recommendations outlined in EIP 3074 and consider alternative approaches or additional checks to accurately validate the desired account types in your contract.

EIP 3074 introduces two new EVM instructions, AUTH and AUTHCALL, which allow for delegation of control over an EOA to a smart contract. These instructions enable a smart contract to act on behalf of an EOA, blurring the distinction between EOAs and smart contracts when it comes to determining the origin of a call.

As a result, relying on `tx.origin` to verify the EOA status of `msg.sender` may no longer provide accurate information if EIP 3074 is adopted.

It is important to take into account the potential impact of EIP 3074 on the assumptions and security measures of your contract, and consider alternative approaches or additional checks to ensure the desired behavior and access control.

Reference: a valid medium issue from, https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-02-blueberry-judging/issues/21

## Impact

Using modifier `onlyEOA` to ensure calls are from EOA will not hold true when EIP 3074 is adopted.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-Index/blob/main/index-coop-smart-contracts/contracts/lib/BaseExtension.sol#L59-L62

```js
File: BaseExtension.sol
59:     modifier onlyEOA() {
60:         require(msg.sender == tx.origin, "Caller must be EOA Address");
61:         _;
62:     }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Recommend using OpenZepellin's isContract function (https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/2.x/api/utils#Address-isContract-address-). Note that there are edge cases like contract in constructor that can bypass this and hence caution is required when using this.
