0xGoodess

high

# setExecutionSettings would be halt during a rebalance operation that gets stuck due to supply cap is reached at Aave

## Summary
setExecutionSettings would be halt during a rebalance operation that gets stuck due to supply cap is reached at Aave

## Vulnerability Detail
rebalance implement a cap of tradeSize and if the need to rebalance require taking more assets than the maxTradeSize, then twapLeverageRatio would be set to the targeted leverage.
twapLeverageRatio == 0 is required during rebalance.

Consider:

lever is needed during rebalance, the strategy require to borrow more ETH and sell to wstETH
during the 1st call of rebalance the protocol cache the new twapLeverageRatio
However wstETH market in Aave reach supply cap. rebalance/iterateRebalance comes to a halt.
`twapLeverageRatio` remains caching the targeted leverage

`setExecutionSettings` requires a condition in which no rebalance is in progress. With the above case, setExecutionSettings can be halted for an extended period of time until the wstETH market falls under supply cap. 

Worth-noting, at the time of writing this issue, [the wstETH market at Aave has been at supply cap](https://app.aave.com/reserve-overview/?underlyingAsset=0x7f39c581f595b53c5cb19bd0b3f8da6c935e2ca0&marketName=proto_mainnet_v3)

In this case, malicious actor who already has a position in wstETH can do the following:
- deposit into the setToken, trigger a rebalance.

- malicious trader withdraw his/her position in wstETH so there opens up vacancy for supply again.

- protocol owner see supply vacancy, call rebalance in order to lever as required. Now `twapLeverageRatio` is set to new value since multiple trades are needed

- malicious trade now re-supply the wstETH market at Aave so it reaches suppply cap.

- the protocol gets stuck with a non-zero twapLeverageRatio, setExecutionSettings can not be called.


```solidity
    function setExecutionSettings(ExecutionSettings memory _newExecutionSettings) external onlyOperator noRebalanceInProgress {
        execution = _newExecutionSettings;

        _validateNonExchangeSettings(methodology, execution, incentive);

        emit ExecutionSettingsUpdated(
            execution.unutilizedLeveragePercentage,
            execution.twapCooldownPeriod,
            execution.slippageTolerance
        );
    }
```
## Impact
setExecution would be halt during a rebalance operation that gets stuck due to supply cap is reached at Aave

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2023-05-Index/blob/main/index-coop-smart-contracts/contracts/adapters/AaveLeverageStrategyExtension.sol#L466-L476
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add some checks on whether the supply cap of an Aave market is reached during a rebalance. If so, allows a re-set of twapLeverageRatio